chore(l10n): delete 261 orphaned ARB keys and ratchet the rest (#7963)
divinevideo/divine-mobile: mobile/scripts/baseline/orphaned_arb_keys.txt

# file references. Generated by scripts/check_orphaned_arb_key_floor.sh. The set
# may only SHRINK (growth fails CI vs origin/main).
#
# An orphaned key is translated into 21 locales and compiled into
# AppLocalizations, yet never rendered — while the string it was written for is
# usually still hardcoded in a widget, broken for every non-English user.
#
# This list is a WORKLIST, not a set of exemptions. Every entry carries a
# trailing reason:
#   '# wire: <path>:<line>'  a live widget renders this string hardcoded.
#   '# staged: <why>'        deliberately ahead of its call site.
# A key with no live counterpart belongs in neither category — delete it from
# app_en.arb and every app_*.arb locale. Issue: #3630.
#
# The minorAccountReview* block is one decision, not eleven: sections of the
# under-16 flow (#3531) that were authored alongside the screens and never
# placed. 90 of that flow's 101 keys render across lib/screens/
# minor_account_review*.dart. This is reviewed, legally-sensitive copy already
# translated into 21 locales, so it is staged rather than deleted — build the
# sections or have product retire them; do not drop them silently.

> authNip07ExtensionNotFound  # wire: auth_service.dart:2142 throws the English text; login_options_screen.dart:254 renders errorMessage over the key

Reviewer: Two pointers here are off (the substance is right, the English is hardcoded and this key is orphaned; only the wire pointer misleads whoever picks it up). The screen file is `screens/auth/login_options_screen.dart` (the `auth/` segment is missing), and `:254` is `result.errorMessage ?? context.l10n.authNip07ConnectionFailed`, so the l10n fallback there is a different key. `auth_service.dart:2142` is correct.

```suggestion
authNip07ExtensionNotFound  # wire: auth_service.dart:2142 throws the English text; screens/auth/login_options_screen.dart:254 renders result.errorMessage, whose l10n fallback is authNip07ConnectionFailed (a different key), so this key never renders
```

Author: Applied in b40c27068c, both parts. Verified before taking it: the path is `lib/screens/auth/login_options_screen.dart`, and `:254` reads `result.errorMessage ?? context.l10n.authNip07ConnectionFailed` — "Couldn't connect to your browser extension.", a different string from this key's "No browser extension found. Install Alby, nos2x, or another NIP-07 compatible extension." My wording implied the fallback there was this key. It isn't, and that's the part that would have misled whoever picks it up.
